UsingNautilus.md, before:

## Table of Contents:

- [Introduction](README.md)
- [Nautilus Design](Design.md)
- [LICENSE](LICENSE)

# Using Nautilus

The Nautilus framework helps you deploy an AWS Nitro Enclave with all the necessary scaffolding, such as reproducible builds, signature formatting, and HTTPS traffic forwarding, so you can focus on implementing the offchain computation logic inside the enclave.

In addition, the framework provides an onchain template that includes the minimal smart contract code required to register a Nautilus instance and its public key. As a Dapp developer, using Nautilus is as simple as:

1. Implement the enclave in Rust with the desired computation logic.
2. Deploy a Move smart contract that stores the expected PCRs and allows updates by the contract deployer.
3. Deploy the enclave instance on AWS and register it onchain using its attestation document.
4. Upload signed responses from the registered enclave, verify them onchain, and consume the results in your smart contract.

This guide walks you through the following steps:

1. Writing and deploying a simple Nautilus offchain instance using AWS Nitro Enclaves. The example instance runs a server that fetches weather data for a specific location.
2. Writing a Move smart contract that registers the enclave by verifying its attestation and public key, then verifies the Nautilus response (signature and payload) onchain and mints an NFT containing the location and temperature data.

The setup script performs the following actions:

- Launches a preconfigured EC2 instance and allocates a Nitro Enclave.
- Builds the Rust-based template application into an Enclave Image Format (EIF) binary and runs it inside the enclave.
- Configures required HTTP domains so the enclave can access external APIs via the parent EC2 instance (since the enclave itself has no internet access).
- Exposes two endpoints to allow client-side communication with the enclave.

When the enclave starts, it generates a fresh enclave key pair and exposes the following two endpoints:

- `health_check`: Probes all allowed domains inside the enclave. This logic is built into the template and does not require modification.
- `get_attestation`: Returns a signed attestation document over the enclave public key. Use this during onchain registration. This logic is built into the template and doesn't require modification.
- `process_data`: Fetches weather data from an external API, signs it with the enclave key, and returns the result. This logic is customizable and must be implemented by the developer.

## Code structure

```shell
/move
  /enclave          Utility functions to create an enclave config and register public key by providing a valid attestation document.
  /app              Application logic, uses functions in enclave directory. Replace this with your Nautilus application onchain logic.
/src
  /aws              AWS boilerplate
  /init             AWS boilerplate
  /system           AWS boilerplate
  /nautilus-server  Nautilus server that runs inside the enclave.
    run.sh          Configures all necessary domains and traffic forwarder, then runs the Rust server inside the enclave.
    app.rs          Replace this with your offchain computation logic.
    common.rs       Common code for getting attestation.
    allowed_endpoints.yaml  This file lists all endpoints the enclave is allowed to access. By default, the enclave has no internet access unless the parent EC2 instance explicitly forwards traffic. During the configuration step, this file is used to generate the necessary code to enable limited traffic forwarding from the enclave. 
```

As a developer, focus on implementing the Move code in `move/app` and the Rust code in `src/nautilus-server/app.rs`, along with the frontend logic that interacts with the deployed smart contract. You’ll also need to edit `allowed_endpoints.yaml` to include all domains the enclave must access. 

The rest of the template can remain largely unmodified. 

> [!Note]
> Frontend code is not included in this guide. The Move call will be demonstrated using the CLI.

## Run the example enclave

1. Set up an AWS developer account and install the AWS CLI. For detailed instructions, see the [AWS Nitro Enclaves getting started guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/enclaves/latest/user/getting-started.html#launch-instance).

2. Run the script below and follow the prompts. It will ask you to enter some values - see the next step if you want to run this example as-is. If the script completes successfully, it will generate code locally that you’ll need to commit. If you encounter issues, refer to the note below, as instructions may vary depending on your AWS account settings.

```shell
export KEY_PAIR=<your-key-pair-name>
export AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID=<your-access-key>
export AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=<your-secret-key>
export AWS_SESSION_TOKEN=<your-session-token>

sh configure_enclave.sh
```

> [!NOTE]
> - Run `sh configure_enclave.sh -h` to view additional instructions.
> - If your AWS account is not in `us-east-1`, you may need to configure `REGION` and `AMI_ID` values specific to your region. Refer to this [guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/finding-an-ami.html) to find a suitable Amazon Linux image ID. 
> ```
> export REGION=<your-region>
> export AMI_ID=<find-an-amazon-linux-ami-for-your-region>
> ```
> - To find the values for `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID`, `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY` and `AWS_SESSION_TOKEN`, refer to this [guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/streams/latest/dev/setting-up.html).
> - Set `KEY_PAIR` to the name of your existing AWS key pair or one you create. To create a key pair, refer to this [guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/create-key-pairs.html)
> - You may need to create a vpc with a public subnet. Refer to this [guide](https://000058.awsstudygroup.com/2-prerequiste/2.1-createec2/2.1.2-createpublicsubnet/) for instructions.

3. To run this example as-is, you don't need to modify `allowed_endpoints.yaml` since it already includes `api.weatherapi.com`. Follow the prompts to enter the required values. This step demonstrates how to store a secret (an API key) using AWS Secrets Manager, so the secret does not need to be included in the public application code.

```shell
Enter EC2 instance base name: weather # anything you like
Do you want to use a secret? (y/n): y
Do you want to create a new secret or use an existing secret ARN? (new/existing): new
Enter secret name: weather-api-key # anything you like
Enter secret value: 045a27812dbe456392913223221306 # this is an example api key, you can get your own at weatherapi.com
```

4. If completed successfully, changes will be generated in `/src/nautilus-server/run.sh` and `expose_enclave.sh`. Commit these changes, as they are required when building the enclave image.

> [!NOTE]
> - You can modify `src/nautilus-server/allowed_endpoints.yaml` to add any external domains the enclave needs access to. If you update this file, you’ll need to create a new instance using `configure_enclave.sh`, as the generated code will also change.
> - You can optionally create a secret to store any sensitive value you don’t want included in the codebase. The secret is passed to the enclave as an environment variable. You can verify newly created secrets or find existing ARNs in the [AWS Secrets Manager console](https://us-east-1.console.aws.amazon.com/secretsmanager/listsecrets?region=<REGION>).

5. Connect to your instance and clone the repository. For detailed instructions, see [Connect to your Linux instance using SSH](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/connect-linux-inst-ssh.html#connect-linux-inst-sshClient) in the AWS documentation.

6. You should now be inside the directory containing the server code, including the committed file changes from the previous step. Next, build the enclave image, run it, and expose the HTTP endpoint on port 3000. 

```shell
cd nautilus/
make && make run # this builds the enclave and run it
sh expose_enclave.sh # this exposes port 3000 to the Internet for traffic
```

> [!NOTE]
> Use `make run-debug` instead of `make run` to run the enclave in debug mode. This will print all logs, which the production build does not. Note that in debug mode, the PCR values will be all zeros and are not valid for production use.

7. Congratulations! You can now interact with the enclave from the outside world. You can find the `PUBLIC_IP` in the AWS console.

```shell
curl -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -X GET http://<PUBLIC_IP>:3000/health_check

curl -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -X GET http://<PUBLIC_IP>:3000/get_attestation

curl -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -d '{"payload": { "location": "San Francisco"}}' -X POST http://<PUBLIC_IP>:3000/process_data
```

8. Optionally, you can set up an Application Load Balancer (ALB) for the EC2 instance with an SSL/TLS certificate from AWS Certificate Manager (ACM), and configure Amazon Route 53 for DNS routing. For more information, see the [AWS Certificate Manager User Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/acm/latest/userguide/gs-acm-request-public.html) and the [Application Load Balancer Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticloadbalancing/latest/application/introduction.html).

## Develop your own Nautilus server

The Nautilus server logic is located in `src/nautilus-server`. To customize the application:

- Update `allowed_endpoints.yaml` for any required domains required by your application.
- Modify `app.rs` to update the `process_data` endpoint and add new endpoints as needed.

The following files typically do not require modification:

- `common.rs` handles the `get_attestation` endpoint.
- `main.rs` initializes the ephemeral key pair and sets up the HTTP server.

You can test most functionality by running the server locally. However, the `get_attestation` endpoint won't work locally because it requires access to the Nitro Secure Module (NSM) driver, which is only available when running the code inside the configured EC2 instance. This endpoint will function correctly when the server runs within the enclave as described in the setup steps.

To test the `process_data` endpoint locally, run the following:

```shell
cd src/nautilus-server/
RUST_LOG=debug API_KEY=045a27812dbe456392913223221306 cargo run

curl -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -d '{"payload": { "location": "San Francisco"}}' -X POST http://localhost:3000/process_data

{"response":{"intent":0,"timestamp_ms":1744041600000,"data":{"location":"San Francisco","temperature":13}},"signature":"b75d2d44c4a6b3c676fe087465c0e85206b101e21be6cda4c9ab2fd4ba5c0d8c623bf0166e274c5491a66001d254ce4c8c345b78411fdee7225111960cff250a"}
```

### Troubleshooting

- Traffic forwarder error: Ensure all targeted domains are listed in the `allowed_endpoints.yaml`. The following command can be used to test enclave connectivities to all domains.

```shell
curl -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -X GET http://<PUBLIC_IP>:3000/health_check

{"pk":"f343dae1df7f2c4676612368e40bf42878e522349e4135c2caa52bc79f0fc6e2","endpoints_status":{"api.weatherapi.com":true}}
```

- Docker is not running: The EC2 instance may still be starting up. Wait a few moments, then try again.

- Cannot connect to enclave: This may be due to a VSOCK communication issue. Verify that the enclave is running and properly exposed with `sh expose_enclave.sh`.

### Reset

```shell
cd nautilus/
sh reset_enclave.sh
```
Then repeat step 6.

## Build locally to check reproducibility

Every enclave built from the same source code (everything in `/src`) can produce identical PCRs through reproducible builds.
Note that this includes any traffic forwarding changes made in `run.sh` (see branch `example-configuration`).

```shell
cd nautilus/
make

cat out/nitro.pcrs
cbe1afb6ed0ff89f10295af0b802247ec5670da8f886e71a4226373b032c322f4e42c9c98288e7211682b258684505a2 PCR0
cbe1afb6ed0ff89f10295af0b802247ec5670da8f886e71a4226373b032c322f4e42c9c98288e7211682b258684505a2 PCR1
21b9efbc184807662e966d34f390821309eeac6802309798826296bf3e8bec7c10edb30948c90ba67310f7b964fc500a PCR2

# Add env var that will be used later when registering the enclave.
PCR0=cbe1afb6ed0ff89f10295af0b802247ec5670da8f886e71a4226373b032c322f4e42c9c98288e7211682b258684505a2
PCR1=cbe1afb6ed0ff89f10295af0b802247ec5670da8f886e71a4226373b032c322f4e42c9c98288e7211682b258684505a2
PCR2=21b9efbc184807662e966d34f390821309eeac6802309798826296bf3e8bec7c10edb30948c90ba67310f7b964fc500a
```

## Register the enclave onchain

After finalizing the Rust code, the Dapp administrator can register the enclave with the corresponding PCRs and public key.

```shell
# optionally
sui client switch --env testnet # or appropriate network
sui client faucet
sui client gas

# deploy the enclave package
cd move/enclave
sui move build
sui client publish

# record ENCLAVE_PACKAGE_ID as env var from publish output
ENCLAVE_PACKAGE_ID=0x14e8b4d8b28ee9aa5ea604f3f33969b3d0f03247b51837f27e17bcf875d3582c

# deploy your dapp logic
cd ../app
sui move build
sui client publish

# record CAP_OBJECT_ID (owned object of type Cap), ENCLAVE_CONFIG_OBJECT_ID (shared object), EXAMPLES_PACKAGE_ID (package containing weather module) as env var from publish output

CAP_OBJECT_ID=0xb157d241cc00b7a9b8b0f11d0b4c3e11d8334be95f7e50240962611bd802abff
ENCLAVE_CONFIG_OBJECT_ID=0x58a6a284aaea8c8e71151e4ae0de2350ae877f0bd94adc2b2d0266cf23b6b41d
EXAMPLES_PACKAGE_ID=0x7e712fd9e5e57d87137440cfea77dc7970575a5c3229d78bb7176ab984d94adf

# record the deployed enclave url, e.g. http://<PUBLIC_IP>:3000
ENCLAVE_URL=<DEPLOYED_URL>

# the module name and otw name used to create the dapp, defined in your Move code `fun init`
MODULE_NAME=weather
OTW_NAME=WEATHER

# make sure all env vars are populated
echo $EXAMPLES_PACKAGE_ID
echo $ENCLAVE_PACKAGE_ID
echo $CAP_OBJECT_ID
echo $ENCLAVE_CONFIG_OBJECT_ID
echo 0x$PCR0
echo 0x$PCR1
echo 0x$PCR2
echo $MODULE_NAME
echo $OTW_NAME
echo $ENCLAVE_URL

# =======
# the two steps below (update pcrs, register enclave) can be reused if enclave server is updated
# =======

# this calls the update_pcrs onchain with the enclave cap and built PCRs, this can be reused to update PCRs if Rust server code is updated
sui client call --function update_pcrs --module enclave --package $ENCLAVE_PACKAGE_ID --type-args "$EXAMPLES_PACKAGE_ID::$MODULE_NAME::$OTW_NAME" --args $ENCLAVE_CONFIG_OBJECT_ID $CAP_OBJECT_ID 0x$PCR0 0x$PCR1 0x$PCR2

# optional, give it a name you like
sui client call --function update_name --module enclave --package $ENCLAVE_PACKAGE_ID --type-args "$EXAMPLES_PACKAGE_ID::$MODULE_NAME::$OTW_NAME" --args $ENCLAVE_CONFIG_OBJECT_ID $CAP_OBJECT_ID "weather enclave, updated 2025-04-14"

# this script calls the get_attestation endpoint from your enclave url and use it to calls register_enclave onchain to register the public key, results in the created enclave object
sh ../../register_enclave.sh $ENCLAVE_PACKAGE_ID $EXAMPLES_PACKAGE_ID $ENCLAVE_CONFIG_OBJECT_ID $ENCLAVE_URL $MODULE_NAME $OTW_NAME

# record the created shared object ENCLAVE_OBJECT_ID as env var from register output
ENCLAVE_OBJECT_ID=0x7bb826b2944eec37c9f2d8fe2514dea0f3fcdce9147c57bff1690399e787cf93
```

You can view an example of an enclave config object containing PCRs [here](https://testnet.suivision.xyz/object/0x49f658245333f5836c5c9c8b835dee4923794b298afaed923dd2bba6d937a222). Also you can view an example of an enclave object containing the enclave public key [here](https://testnet.suivision.xyz/object/0x7bb826b2944eec37c9f2d8fe2514dea0f3fcdce9147c57bff1690399e787cf93).

### Update PCRs

The deployer of the smart contract holds the `EnclaveCap`, which allows for updating the PCRs and enclave public key if the Nautilus server code has been modified. You can retrieve the new PCRs using `make && cat out/nitro.pcrs`. To update the PCRs or register the enclave again, reuse the steps outlined in the section above.

## Using the verified computation in Move

You can now write your frontend code to interact with the enclave for computation, and then send the resulting data to the Move contract for use. For the weather example, you can request the enclave to retrieve weather data for a specific location:

```shell
curl -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -d '{"payload": { "location": "San Francisco"}}' -X POST http://54.211.86.19:3000/process_data


{"response":{"intent":0,"timestamp_ms":1744683300000,"data":{"location":"San Francisco","temperature":13}},"signature":"77b6d8be225440d00f3d6eb52e91076a8927cebfb520e58c19daf31ecf06b3798ec3d3ce9630a9eceee46d24f057794a60dd781657cb06d952269cfc5ae19500"}
```

Then use the values from the enclave response - signature, timestamp, location, and temperature - to call `update_weather` in the Move contract. In this example, the call is demonstrated using a script, but it should be integrated into your Dapp frontend.

```shell
sh ../../update_weather.sh \
    $EXAMPLES_PACKAGE_ID \
    $MODULE_NAME \
    $OTW_NAME \
    $ENCLAVE_OBJECT_ID \
    "77b6d8be225440d00f3d6eb52e91076a8927cebfb520e58c19daf31ecf06b3798ec3d3ce9630a9eceee46d24f057794a60dd781657cb06d952269cfc5ae19500" \
    1744683300000 \
    "San Francisco" \
    13
```

An example of a created weather NFT can be viewed [here](https://testnet.suivision.xyz/object/0xa78e166630c0ed004b3115b474fed15d71f27fc80b68e37d451494c6e815931e).

### Signing payload

Signing payloads in Move are constructed using BCS (Binary Canonical Serialization). These must match the structure specified in the enclave’s Rust code when generating the signature; otherwise, signature verification in `enclave.move` may fail.

It’s recommended to write unit tests in both Move and Rust to ensure consistency. See `test_serde()` in `src/nautilus-server/src/app.rs` and the examples in `move/enclave/enclave.move`.

## FAQs

1. There are many TEE providers available. Why did we choose AWS Nitro Enclaves initially?

We chose to initially support AWS Nitro Enclaves due to their maturity and support for reproducible builds. Support for additional TEE providers may be considered in the future.

2. Where is the root of trust of AWS?

It is stored as part of the Sui framework and used to verify AWS attestation documents. You can verify its hash by following the steps outlined [here](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/enclaves/latest/user/verify-root.html#validation-process).

```shell
curl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MystenLabs/sui/refs/heads/main/crates/sui-types/src/nitro_root_certificate.pem -o cert_sui.pem
sha256sum cert_sui.pem

6eb9688305e4bbca67f44b59c29a0661ae930f09b5945b5d1d9ae01125c8d6c0

curl https://aws-nitro-enclaves.amazonaws.com/AWS_NitroEnclaves_Root-G1.zip -o cert_aws.zip
unzip cert_aws.zip
sha256sum root.pem

6eb9688305e4bbca67f44b59c29a0661ae930f09b5945b5d1d9ae01125c8d6c0 # check it matches from the one downloaded from the Sui repo
```

[Back to table of contents](#table-of-contents)

Commit message:

update doc artifacts and enclave management

UsingNautilus.md, after:

## Table of Contents:

- [Introduction](README.md)
- [Nautilus Design](Design.md)
- [LICENSE](LICENSE)

# Using Nautilus

The Nautilus framework helps you deploy an AWS Nitro Enclave with all the necessary scaffolding, such as reproducible builds, signature formatting, and HTTPS traffic forwarding, so you can focus on implementing the offchain computation logic inside the enclave.

In addition, the framework provides an onchain template that includes the minimal smart contract code required to register a Nautilus instance and its public key. As a Dapp developer, using Nautilus is as simple as:

1. Implement the enclave in Rust with the desired computation logic.
2. Deploy a Move smart contract that stores the expected PCRs and allows updates by the contract deployer.
3. Deploy the enclave instance on AWS and register it onchain using its attestation document.
4. Upload signed responses from the registered enclave, verify them onchain, and consume the results in your smart contract.

This guide walks you through the following steps:

1. Writing and deploying a simple Nautilus offchain instance using AWS Nitro Enclaves. The example instance runs a server that fetches weather data for a specific location.
2. Writing a Move smart contract that registers the enclave by verifying its attestation and public key, then verifies the Nautilus response (signature and payload) onchain and mints an NFT containing the location and temperature data.

The setup script performs the following actions:

- Launches a preconfigured EC2 instance and allocates a Nitro Enclave.
- Builds the Rust-based template application into an Enclave Image Format (EIF) binary and runs it inside the enclave.
- Configures required HTTP domains so the enclave can access external APIs via the parent EC2 instance (since the enclave itself has no internet access).
- Exposes two endpoints to allow client-side communication with the enclave.

When the enclave starts, it generates a fresh enclave key pair and exposes the following two endpoints:

- `health_check`: Probes all allowed domains inside the enclave. This logic is built into the template and does not require modification.
- `get_attestation`: Returns a signed attestation document over the enclave public key. Use this during onchain registration. This logic is built into the template and doesn't require modification.
- `process_data`: Fetches weather data from an external API, signs it with the enclave key, and returns the result. This logic is customizable and must be implemented by the developer.

## Code structure

```shell
/move
  /enclave          Utility functions to create an enclave config and register public key by providing a valid attestation document.
  /app              Application logic, uses functions in enclave directory. Replace this with your Nautilus application onchain logic.
/src
  /aws              AWS boilerplate
  /init             AWS boilerplate
  /system           AWS boilerplate
  /nautilus-server  Nautilus server that runs inside the enclave.
    run.sh          Configures all necessary domains and traffic forwarder, then runs the Rust server inside the enclave.
    app.rs          Replace this with your offchain computation logic.
    common.rs       Common code for getting attestation.
    allowed_endpoints.yaml  This file lists all endpoints the enclave is allowed to access. By default, the enclave has no internet access unless the parent EC2 instance explicitly forwards traffic. During the configuration step, this file is used to generate the necessary code to enable limited traffic forwarding from the enclave. 
```

As a developer, focus on implementing the Move code in `move/app` and the Rust code in `src/nautilus-server/app.rs`, along with the frontend logic that interacts with the deployed smart contract. You’ll also need to edit `allowed_endpoints.yaml` to include all domains the enclave must access. 

The rest of the template can remain largely unmodified. 

> [!Note]
> Frontend code is not included in this guide. The Move call will be demonstrated using the CLI.

## Run the example enclave

1. Set up an AWS developer account and install the AWS CLI. For detailed instructions, see the [AWS Nitro Enclaves getting started guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/enclaves/latest/user/getting-started.html#launch-instance).

2. Run the script below and follow the prompts. It will ask you to enter some values - see the next step if you want to run this example as-is. If the script completes successfully, it will generate code locally that you’ll need to commit. If you encounter issues, refer to the note below, as instructions may vary depending on your AWS account settings.

```shell
export KEY_PAIR=<your-key-pair-name>
export AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID=<your-access-key>
export AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=<your-secret-key>
export AWS_SESSION_TOKEN=<your-session-token>

sh configure_enclave.sh
```

> [!NOTE]
> - Run `sh configure_enclave.sh -h` to view additional instructions.
> - If your AWS account is not in `us-east-1`, you may need to configure `REGION` and `AMI_ID` values specific to your region. Refer to this [guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/finding-an-ami.html) to find a suitable Amazon Linux image ID. 
> ```
> export REGION=<your-region>
> export AMI_ID=<find-an-amazon-linux-ami-for-your-region>
> ```
> - To find the values for `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID`, `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY` and `AWS_SESSION_TOKEN`, refer to this [guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/streams/latest/dev/setting-up.html).
> - Set `KEY_PAIR` to the name of your existing AWS key pair or one you create. To create a key pair, refer to this [guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/create-key-pairs.html)
> - You may need to create a vpc with a public subnet. Refer to this [guide](https://000058.awsstudygroup.com/2-prerequiste/2.1-createec2/2.1.2-createpublicsubnet/) for instructions.

3. To run this example as-is, you don't need to modify `allowed_endpoints.yaml` since it already includes `api.weatherapi.com`. Follow the prompts to enter the required values. This step demonstrates how to store a secret (an API key) using AWS Secrets Manager, so the secret does not need to be included in the public application code.

```shell
Enter EC2 instance base name: weather # anything you like
Do you want to use a secret? (y/n): y
Do you want to create a new secret or use an existing secret ARN? (new/existing): new
Enter secret name: weather-api-key # anything you like
Enter secret value: 045a27812dbe456392913223221306 # this is an example api key, you can get your own at weatherapi.com
```

4. If completed successfully, changes will be generated in `/src/nautilus-server/run.sh` and `expose_enclave.sh`. Commit these changes, as they are required when building the enclave image.

> [!NOTE]
> - You can modify `src/nautilus-server/allowed_endpoints.yaml` to add any external domains the enclave needs access to. If you update this file, you’ll need to create a new instance using `configure_enclave.sh`, as the generated code will also change.
> - You can optionally create a secret to store any sensitive value you don’t want included in the codebase. The secret is passed to the enclave as an environment variable. You can verify newly created secrets or find existing ARNs in the [AWS Secrets Manager console](https://us-east-1.console.aws.amazon.com/secretsmanager/listsecrets?region=<REGION>).

5. Connect to your instance and clone the repository. For detailed instructions, see [Connect to your Linux instance using SSH](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/connect-linux-inst-ssh.html#connect-linux-inst-sshClient) in the AWS documentation.

6. You should now be inside the directory containing the server code, including the committed file changes from the previous step. Next, build the enclave image, run it, and expose the HTTP endpoint on port 3000. 

```shell
cd nautilus/
make && make run # this builds the enclave and run it
sh expose_enclave.sh # this exposes port 3000 to the Internet for traffic
```

> [!NOTE]
> Use `make run-debug` instead of `make run` to run the enclave in debug mode. This will print all logs, which the production build does not. Note that in debug mode, the PCR values will be all zeros and are not valid for production use.

7. Congratulations! You can now interact with the enclave from the outside world. You can find the `PUBLIC_IP` in the AWS console.

```shell
curl -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -X GET http://<PUBLIC_IP>:3000/health_check

curl -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -X GET http://<PUBLIC_IP>:3000/get_attestation

curl -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -d '{"payload": { "location": "San Francisco"}}' -X POST http://<PUBLIC_IP>:3000/process_data
```

8. Optionally, you can set up an Application Load Balancer (ALB) for the EC2 instance with an SSL/TLS certificate from AWS Certificate Manager (ACM), and configure Amazon Route 53 for DNS routing. For more information, see the [AWS Certificate Manager User Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/acm/latest/userguide/gs-acm-request-public.html) and the [Application Load Balancer Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticloadbalancing/latest/application/introduction.html).

## Develop your own Nautilus server

The Nautilus server logic is located in `src/nautilus-server`. To customize the application:

- Update `allowed_endpoints.yaml` for any required domains required by your application.
- Modify `app.rs` to update the `process_data` endpoint and add new endpoints as needed.

The following files typically do not require modification:

- `common.rs` handles the `get_attestation` endpoint.
- `main.rs` initializes the ephemeral key pair and sets up the HTTP server.

You can test most functionality by running the server locally. However, the `get_attestation` endpoint won't work locally because it requires access to the Nitro Secure Module (NSM) driver, which is only available when running the code inside the configured EC2 instance. This endpoint will function correctly when the server runs within the enclave as described in the setup steps.

To test the `process_data` endpoint locally, run the following:

```shell
cd src/nautilus-server/
RUST_LOG=debug API_KEY=045a27812dbe456392913223221306 cargo run

curl -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -d '{"payload": { "location": "San Francisco"}}' -X POST http://localhost:3000/process_data

{"response":{"intent":0,"timestamp_ms":1744041600000,"data":{"location":"San Francisco","temperature":13}},"signature":"b75d2d44c4a6b3c676fe087465c0e85206b101e21be6cda4c9ab2fd4ba5c0d8c623bf0166e274c5491a66001d254ce4c8c345b78411fdee7225111960cff250a"}
```

### Troubleshooting

- Traffic forwarder error: Ensure all targeted domains are listed in the `allowed_endpoints.yaml`. The following command can be used to test enclave connectivities to all domains.

```shell
curl -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -X GET http://<PUBLIC_IP>:3000/health_check

{"pk":"f343dae1df7f2c4676612368e40bf42878e522349e4135c2caa52bc79f0fc6e2","endpoints_status":{"api.weatherapi.com":true}}
```

- Docker is not running: The EC2 instance may still be starting up. Wait a few moments, then try again.

- Cannot connect to enclave: This may be due to a VSOCK communication issue. Verify that the enclave is running and properly exposed with `sh expose_enclave.sh`.

### Reset

```shell
cd nautilus/
sh reset_enclave.sh
```
Then repeat step 6.

## Build locally to check reproducibility

Every enclave built from the same source code (everything in `/src`) can produce identical PCRs through reproducible builds.
Note that this includes any traffic forwarding changes made in `run.sh` (see branch `example-configuration`).

```shell
cd nautilus/
make

cat out/nitro.pcrs
3a929ea8b96d4076da25e53e740300947e350a72a775735f63f8b0f8112d3ff04d8ccae53f5ec13dd3c05b865ba7b610 PCR0
3a929ea8b96d4076da25e53e740300947e350a72a775735f63f8b0f8112d3ff04d8ccae53f5ec13dd3c05b865ba7b610 PCR1
21b9efbc184807662e966d34f390821309eeac6802309798826296bf3e8bec7c10edb30948c90ba67310f7b964fc500a PCR2

# Add env var that will be used later when registering the enclave.
PCR0=3a929ea8b96d4076da25e53e740300947e350a72a775735f63f8b0f8112d3ff04d8ccae53f5ec13dd3c05b865ba7b610
PCR1=3a929ea8b96d4076da25e53e740300947e350a72a775735f63f8b0f8112d3ff04d8ccae53f5ec13dd3c05b865ba7b610
PCR2=21b9efbc184807662e966d34f390821309eeac6802309798826296bf3e8bec7c10edb30948c90ba67310f7b964fc500a
```

## Register the enclave onchain

After finalizing the Rust code, the Dapp administrator can register the enclave with the corresponding PCRs and public key.

```shell
# optionally
sui client switch --env testnet # or appropriate network
sui client faucet
sui client gas

# deploy the enclave package
cd move/enclave
sui move build
sui client publish

# record ENCLAVE_PACKAGE_ID as env var from publish output
ENCLAVE_PACKAGE_ID=0x14e8b4d8b28ee9aa5ea604f3f33969b3d0f03247b51837f27e17bcf875d3582c

# deploy your dapp logic
cd ../app
sui move build
sui client publish

# record CAP_OBJECT_ID (owned object of type Cap), ENCLAVE_CONFIG_OBJECT_ID (shared object), EXAMPLES_PACKAGE_ID (package containing weather module) as env var from publish output

CAP_OBJECT_ID=0xb157d241cc00b7a9b8b0f11d0b4c3e11d8334be95f7e50240962611bd802abff
ENCLAVE_CONFIG_OBJECT_ID=0x58a6a284aaea8c8e71151e4ae0de2350ae877f0bd94adc2b2d0266cf23b6b41d
EXAMPLES_PACKAGE_ID=0x7e712fd9e5e57d87137440cfea77dc7970575a5c3229d78bb7176ab984d94adf

# record the deployed enclave url, e.g. http://<PUBLIC_IP>:3000
ENCLAVE_URL=<DEPLOYED_URL>

# the module name and otw name used to create the dapp, defined in your Move code `fun init`
MODULE_NAME=weather
OTW_NAME=WEATHER

# make sure all env vars are populated
echo $EXAMPLES_PACKAGE_ID
echo $ENCLAVE_PACKAGE_ID
echo $CAP_OBJECT_ID
echo $ENCLAVE_CONFIG_OBJECT_ID
echo 0x$PCR0
echo 0x$PCR1
echo 0x$PCR2
echo $MODULE_NAME
echo $OTW_NAME
echo $ENCLAVE_URL

# =======
# the two steps below (update pcrs, register enclave) can be reused if enclave server is updated
# =======

# this calls the update_pcrs onchain with the enclave cap and built PCRs, this can be reused to update PCRs if Rust server code is updated
sui client call --function update_pcrs --module enclave --package $ENCLAVE_PACKAGE_ID --type-args "$EXAMPLES_PACKAGE_ID::$MODULE_NAME::$OTW_NAME" --args $ENCLAVE_CONFIG_OBJECT_ID $CAP_OBJECT_ID 0x$PCR0 0x$PCR1 0x$PCR2

# optional, give it a name you like
sui client call --function update_name --module enclave --package $ENCLAVE_PACKAGE_ID --type-args "$EXAMPLES_PACKAGE_ID::$MODULE_NAME::$OTW_NAME" --args $ENCLAVE_CONFIG_OBJECT_ID $CAP_OBJECT_ID "weather enclave, updated 2025-05-13"

# this script calls the get_attestation endpoint from your enclave url and use it to calls register_enclave onchain to register the public key, results in the created enclave object
sh ../../register_enclave.sh $ENCLAVE_PACKAGE_ID $EXAMPLES_PACKAGE_ID $ENCLAVE_CONFIG_OBJECT_ID $ENCLAVE_URL $MODULE_NAME $OTW_NAME

# record the created shared object ENCLAVE_OBJECT_ID as env var from register output
ENCLAVE_OBJECT_ID=0xe0e70df5347560a1b43e5954267cadd1386a562095cb4285f2581bf2974c838d
```

You can view an example of an enclave config object containing PCRs [here](https://testnet.suivision.xyz/object/0x58a6a284aaea8c8e71151e4ae0de2350ae877f0bd94adc2b2d0266cf23b6b41d). Also you can view an example of an enclave object containing the enclave public key [here](https://testnet.suivision.xyz/object/0xe0e70df5347560a1b43e5954267cadd1386a562095cb4285f2581bf2974c838d).

### Enclave management

The template allows the admin to register multiple `Enclave` objects associated with one `EnclaveConfig` that defines PCRs. Each Enclave object represents a specific enclave instance with a unique public key, while the `EnclaveConfig` tracks the PCR values and their associated version. All new Enclave instances can be registered with the latest `config_version` to ensure consistency. 

This design allows the admin to run multiple instances of the same enclave with different public keys, where `config_version` is set to the latest version when creating an `Enclave` object. The admin can register or destroy their `Enclave` objects. 

### Update PCRs

The deployer of the smart contract holds the `EnclaveCap`, which allows for updating the PCRs and enclave public key if the Nautilus server code has been modified. You can retrieve the new PCRs using `make && cat out/nitro.pcrs`. To update the PCRs or register the enclave again, reuse the steps outlined in the section above.

## Using the verified computation in Move

You can now write your frontend code to interact with the enclave for computation, and then send the resulting data to the Move contract for use. For the weather example, you can request the enclave to retrieve weather data for a specific location:

```shell
curl -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -d '{"payload": { "location": "San Francisco"}}' -X POST http://<PUBLIC_IP>:3000/process_data


{"response":{"intent":0,"timestamp_ms":1744683300000,"data":{"location":"San Francisco","temperature":13}},"signature":"77b6d8be225440d00f3d6eb52e91076a8927cebfb520e58c19daf31ecf06b3798ec3d3ce9630a9eceee46d24f057794a60dd781657cb06d952269cfc5ae19500"}
```

Then use the values from the enclave response - signature, timestamp, location, and temperature - to call `update_weather` in the Move contract. In this example, the call is demonstrated using a script, but it should be integrated into your Dapp frontend.

```shell
sh ../../update_weather.sh \
    $EXAMPLES_PACKAGE_ID \
    $MODULE_NAME \
    $OTW_NAME \
    $ENCLAVE_OBJECT_ID \
    "77b6d8be225440d00f3d6eb52e91076a8927cebfb520e58c19daf31ecf06b3798ec3d3ce9630a9eceee46d24f057794a60dd781657cb06d952269cfc5ae19500" \
    1744683300000 \
    "San Francisco" \
    13
```

An example of a created weather NFT can be viewed [here](https://testnet.suivision.xyz/object/0xa78e166630c0ed004b3115b474fed15d71f27fc80b68e37d451494c6e815931e).

### Signing payload

Signing payloads in Move are constructed using BCS (Binary Canonical Serialization). These must match the structure specified in the enclave’s Rust code when generating the signature; otherwise, signature verification in `enclave.move` may fail.

It’s recommended to write unit tests in both Move and Rust to ensure consistency. See `test_serde()` in `src/nautilus-server/src/app.rs` and the examples in `move/enclave/enclave.move`.

## FAQs

1. There are many TEE providers available. Why did we choose AWS Nitro Enclaves initially?

We chose to initially support AWS Nitro Enclaves due to their maturity and support for reproducible builds. Support for additional TEE providers may be considered in the future.

2. Where is the root of trust of AWS?

It is stored as part of the Sui framework and used to verify AWS attestation documents. You can verify its hash by following the steps outlined [here](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/enclaves/latest/user/verify-root.html#validation-process).

```shell
curl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MystenLabs/sui/refs/heads/main/crates/sui-types/src/nitro_root_certificate.pem -o cert_sui.pem
sha256sum cert_sui.pem

6eb9688305e4bbca67f44b59c29a0661ae930f09b5945b5d1d9ae01125c8d6c0

curl https://aws-nitro-enclaves.amazonaws.com/AWS_NitroEnclaves_Root-G1.zip -o cert_aws.zip
unzip cert_aws.zip
sha256sum root.pem

6eb9688305e4bbca67f44b59c29a0661ae930f09b5945b5d1d9ae01125c8d6c0 # check it matches from the one downloaded from the Sui repo
```

[Back to table of contents](#table-of-contents)
